Fix wording in introduction.md (#397)
exercism/gleam: exercises/concept/log-parser/.docs/introduction.md

let assert Ok(re) = regex.from_string("test")
```

> The regular expression creation function returns an error if the regular expression syntax is invalid, so a let-assertion has been used here to ensure the regular expression is valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The regular expression creation functions return an error if the regular expression syntax is invalid, so a let-assertion has been used here to ensure the regular expression is valid.
```
